8289-pro news item for removing session duration from prometheus metrics (#16387)
rstudio/rstudio: version/news/NEWS-2025.09.0-cucumberleaf-sunflower.md

- (rstudio-pro#7862): Completed jobs can now be individually "dismissed" from the Workbench Jobs pane in Positron and VS Code. There are also new `Dismiss Completed Jobs` and `Restore Completed Jobs` view actions to (un)hide _all_ completed jobs. Note that hidden jobs are not persistent across sessions
- (rstudio-pro#8464): A new setting allows users to launch Workbench jobs from Positron and VS Code that make use of managed credentials. This feature is in preview and is not enabled by default
- (rstudio-pro#8148): A new Audit Database and `get_historical_session` Workbench API endpoint allows retrieving data about sessions that have ended

> - (rstudio-pro#8289): Removed `pwb_session_duation` from Prometheus Metrics. Session start and end times available via Workbench API endpoint `get_historical_session`

Reviewer: Slight tense change and less terse language:
```suggestion
- (rstudio-pro#8289): Removes `pwb_session_duation` from Prometheus Metrics. Session start and end times are available via the new Workbench API endpoint `get_historical_session`
```
